GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE FOR THE WEBSITE WWW.OPINIONS.BE
 
www.opinions.be ® is a website administered by Defi Line Ltd., 125 avenue Paul Hymans, 1200 Brussels, business number 864851109, whose mission is the accomplishment of market surveys.


1. PRELIMINARY REMARK
 
Access and use of our website www.opinions.be ® are subject to the terms and conditions set out below. Defi Line invites you to carefully read these general conditions of use. By continuing your visit or by using our website, you expressly accept following terms of use.
 
 
2. GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE

The purpose of our website www.opinions.be ® is the conduction of market surveys (online or not) in the form of:

•	Focus groups
•	In-home interviews
•	Internet chat sessions through blogs
•	Internet questionnaires  

Persons who register to our website www.opinions.be ® (the “users”) do so on a voluntary basis and thereby declare to have read and accepted the general conditions of use. Their registration allows them to participate in market surveys. 
The user is at all times responsible for the use of his/her username and password, and commits to inform Defi Line as soon as possible when he/she notices any abnormal or fraudulent use thereof. 
In this case the user has to contact Defi Line by sending an email to info@defiline.be or by phone, calling + 32 2 7850441.
Defi Line reserves the right to cancel any user from its files and to prevent him/her from participating in the activities offered through the website www.opinions.be ® in case he/she should fail to respect the transparency and the requirements needed to optimally conduct the market surveys.

 
3. COMPENSATION
 
In exchange of the participation in a market survey, the user will receive a gift or a monetary compensation submitted by Defi Line’s clients.
Defi Line will not make any direct commitment in regard to the user as to the compensation granted by its clients.


4. RIGHT TO PRIVACY 
 
Defi Line respects the Belgian law dated 8 December 1992 on the protection of privacy in relation to the processing of personal data.
Defi Line is registered with the Commission of privacy under the document reference number 1296660987112.
The user gives his/her agreement to have his/her personnel data processed and to the fact that personnel data can be transmitted to third parties (clients and partners of Defi Line) for the sole use of Defi Line’s surveys.
All personnel data that is provided is always registered and processed by Defi Line Ltd., 125 avenue Paul Hymans, 1200 Brussels, business number 864851109.
The user accepts that meetings in which he/she participates may be recorded (by audio or video), for the sole purpose of facilitating the analysis of the results.
Defi Line will not keep personnel data longer than needed for the purpose of processing the results.
The user has the right to oppose the processing of his/her personnel data for the use of direct marketing.
The user has the right to access and to rectify inaccurate data related to his person.
 
 
5. LYABILITY
 
The role of Defi Line only consists in making market surveys available to the user, who voluntarily participates in these marketing studies in exchange of a gift or monetary compensation offered by Defi Line’s clients.
The user discharges Defi Line of any liability regarding the use of the website and the information provided there, as well as his/her participation in marketing surveys. Defi Line is in no way responsible in case of accidents during the transportation to or from a meeting. 
The user is aware that Defi Line’s website may contain links to other websites or webpages owned by third parties.
Defi Line has no influence on the content of these sites or pages and will therefore in no way be held responsible for their content.


6. GOVERNING LAW – JURISDICTION 
 
The rights and obligations of Defi Line and the rights and obligations of the user, arising from participation in the activities offered by the website www.opinions.be ®, fall exclusively under Belgian legislation.
In case of a dispute, only the courts of Nivelles will be competent. 


7. NULLITY OF A CLAUSE
 
The nullity of one of the clauses, in full or in part, of these general conditions, does not lead to the nullity of the totality of all other provisions, unless this clause constitutes an essential part of the agreement.
 
 
8. CHANGES IN THE GENERAL CONDITONS 
 
Defi Line reserves at all times the possibility to change the information provided on the website and therefore the possibility to adapt, change or update the provisions of present general conditions. By continuing to use the website after these amendments were made, the user accepts these amendments.


